add content checklist items to PR template (#6725)
circleci/circleci-docs: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Reasons
A link to a GitHub and/or JIRA issue (if applicable).
Otherwise, a brief sentence about why you made these changes.

# Content Checklist
Please follow our style when contributing to CircleCI docs. Our style guide is here: https://circleci.com/docs/style/.

Please take a moment to check through the following items when submitting your PR (this is just a guide so will not be relevant for all PRs) 😸:

- [ ] Break up walls of text by adding paragraph breaks.

> - [ ] Consider if the content could benefit from more structure like lists or tables to make it easier to consume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Consider if the content could benefit from more structure, such as lists or tables, to make it easier to consume.
```

- [ ] Keep the title between 20 and 70 characters.
- [ ] Consider whether the content would benefit from more subsections (h2-h6 headings) to make it easier to consume.

> - [ ] Check all headings h1-h6 are in sentence case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check all headings h1-h6 are in sentence case (only first letter is capitalized).
```
